---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-30T21:40:12.245Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-30T21:39:39.046Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-30-0169f5be-77d0-4c3c-a138-6f19af0eab4a.md
published: true
url: 0169f5be-77d0-4c3c-a138-6f19af0eab4a/index.html
_type: Article

---
TraffiqueJam Mobile, LLC is a digital marketing agency focused on providing cutting-edge mobile marketing products and strategies to small to medium market companies.

That's right.  We said "small to medium market companies."  Why the re-iteration?  Because previously, the overwhelming majority of processes and systems in place to service mobile marketing platforms were only available and affordable to very large corporations.

Today, that has changed...and TraffiqueJam Mobile is right in the big middle of it for YOU, the 'little guys.'  (Psst...and it's way more affordable than you're thinking!)

New customer acquisition is only part of the equation.  Keeping those customers' loyalty and, in fact, turning them into evangelists for your business or company is key to your survival and growth.

Our suite of services include:

* SEO (massive platform setup!)
* Mobile-Optimized Cross-Platform Websites
* Mobile Wallet Loyalty
* Wifi Marketing
* NFC Marketing
* SMS Marketing
* Dynamic QR Code Marketing
* Social Media
* UXO Optimization (User-Experience)
* Reputation Marketing
* Facebook Advertising
* Retargeting
* Press Release and Article Marketing
* Real-Time Bid Marketing
* Monthly Reporting/Strategy Sessions

Of course, each relationship is unique to us and is customized to each business' needs.  We ascertain those needs via discovery and then work with you to devise a strategy.  We are always interested in working with any company; however, we are focused on working with those select individuals who seek a long-term relationship with long-term results.

We are located in Shelton, CT and service local, state, regional, and the entirety of the U.S.

Get MOBILE with us today!